[FLINK-20072][docs] Add documentation for FLIP-107 (#14156)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/connectors/index.md

How to use connectors
--------

> Flink supports to use SQL `CREATE TABLE` statement to register a table. One can define the table name,
> the table schema, and the table options for connecting to an external system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flink supports using SQL `CREATE TABLE` statements to register tables. One can define the table name,
the table schema, and the table options for connecting to an external system.
```
